Update install guides - listening on all IP addresses should be an optional step (#2486)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-ubuntu-1604-postgresql.rst

  ``exit``

> 9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost app server, and have proper firewall configuration, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP Addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/9.5/main/postgresql.conf`` as root in a text editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost app server, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP Addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/9.5/main/postgresql.conf`` as root in a text editor. As a best practice, ensure that only the Mattermost server is able to connect to the PostgreSQL port using a firewall.
```

> 9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost app server, and have proper firewall configuration, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP Addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/9.5/main/postgresql.conf`` as root in a text editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost app server, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP Addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/9.5/main/postgresql.conf`` as root in a text editor. As a best practice, ensure that only the Mattermost server is able to connect to the PostgreSQL port using a firewall.
```

Author: @DSchalla re-reading this note with fresh eyes, my first question as an admin is: should I allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP Addresses? When/why should I allow this?

Wondering if you have any insight.

Author: friendly nudge @DSchalla for next week :)

Reviewer: @jasonblais Yes, when you are having a dedicated database server and a separate Mattermost server, you'll need to do that.
